Add first-class GCP login support (#1607)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/index.html.markdown

### TLS Certificate

> Provides support for authenticating to Vault using the Username & Password authentication engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides support for authenticating to Vault using the TLS Certificate authentication engine.
```

*This login configuration honors the top-level TLS configuration parameters:
[ca_cert_file](#ca_cert_file), [ca_cert_dir](#ca_cert_dir), [skip_tls_verify](#skip_tls_verify), [tls_server_name](#tls_server_name)*

### GCP

Provides support for authenticating to Vault using the Google Cloud Auth engine.

*For more details see: [Google Cloud Auth Method (API)](https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/auth/gcp#google-cloud-auth-method-api)*

The `auth_login_gcp` configuration block accepts the following arguments:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The path to the namespace that has the mounted auth method.
  This defaults to the root namespace. Cannot contain any leading or trailing slashes.
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `mount` - (Optional) The name of the  authentication engine mount.  
  Default: `cert`

* `role` - (Required) The name of the role against which the login is being attempted.

* `jwt` - (Optional) The signed JSON Web Token against which the login is being attempted.

* `credentials` - (Optional) Path to the Google Cloud credentials to use when getting the signed 
  JWT token from the IAM service.  
*conflicts with `jwt`*

> * `service_account` - (Optional) Name of the service account to issue the JWT token for.  

Reviewer: Is `client_email` a part of this schema?
